hello everyone welcome to slender the
arrival again I'm not dead as you can
see but I have to beat this game I've
been away for a while that's why I
didn't upload that much and well that's
great flashlight well okay so um I'm
going to try to beat this level I don't
like this level at all actually I really
dislike this level that's great ah well
I was on a on a vacation to Prague I was
on a bunch of camp so that's why I
wasn't here that long I'm going this way
immediately i'm going to jump right in
because i don't want to get too
distracted and i don't want to Oh get to
the tower I know I know fuck fuck this
shit why am I doing this again why am i
doing is I get come on and I'm keeping
my word i'll be playing until I beat the
game why is there no generator over
there I saw something
there it is
going upstairs I'm going here also
possible
I don't like this guy's
no no good running running run run god
damn it well you're not running god damn
it run it's not that difficult it's not
that difficult to run God dang it don't
let her get you
Oh goddamn bitch fuck off you nor your
mom last night bitch boom bitch
why did you do that
there she is
movin on movin on movin on movin on I'm
not planning to die here right now
Slenderman doesn't get me either I will
maybe make this game actually but I
don't think so because i suck at these
games and I'm really scared this shit ah
you slender man could you really have to
come as well not that necessary you know
i would rather just get a peaceful exit
or something you know be a lot more
lovely you send a man you for doing that
this might take a while guys this might
take a while
I hate this game I hate this game so
much hit this game so much
not even funny well it's never been
funny this game in all the time I played
this game never had one funny moment for
myself at least I might have had met
made some funny moments for you guys
because I'm scared mmm very much cared
okay you know what guys I quit I quit
I'm not doing this I'm not doing this
I'm not doing this okay you know you can
do whatever I want but I'm not doing
this okay I'm not doing this I'm gonna
do this anymore I'll just keep it still
here and i'll explain why I was away I
went to Prague and that type of stuff
and I made a video for my other channel
which you can check out somewhere around
me right here and yeah that's basically
all I needed to say right now oh and you
can check out all the other videos and
the rap battles and stuff i'm working on
a rap battle with yer be parodies as
well but that will take a while before i
appear in that and that's basically all
I wanted to say to you guys and I wish
you a very good week day I don't know
something
and i'll be off because i don't want to
play this game anymore oh let somebody
who can actually play this game play
this game okay so goodbye
you